Add suggestion to use babel upgrade (#67)
react-native-community/react-native-releases: CHANGELOG.md

     }
   ```

> 3. Ensure that you have all the babel dependencies to version `^7.0.0` (you may also need to add `"babel-core": "7.0.0-bridge.0"` as a yarn resolution to ensure retro-compatibility).  [babel-upgrade](https://github.com/babel/babel-upgrade) makes this easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Ensure that you have all the babel dependencies to version `^7.0.0` (you may also need to add `"babel-core": "7.0.0-bridge.0"` as a yarn resolution to ensure retro-compatibility).  The Babel team has released a tool, [babel-upgrade](https://github.com/babel/babel-upgrade), that should help you in this migration.
```

Author: Excellent!
